- ♪ TIMMY IS AN AVERAGE KID ♪
♪ THAT NO ONE UNDERSTANDS ♪
♪ MOM AND DAD AND VICKY
ALWAYS GIVING HIM COMMANDS ♪
- BED, TWERP!
- ♪ THE DOOM AND GLOOM
UP IN HIS ROOM ♪
♪ IS BROKEN INSTANTLY ♪
♪ BY HIS MAGIC LITTLE FISH
WHO GRANT HIS EVERY WISH ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IN REALITY ♪
♪ THEY ARE HIS ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
- WANDS AND WINGS.
- FLOAT-Y CROWN-Y THINGS.
- ♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ REALLY MOD, PEA POD,
BUFF BOD, HOT ROD ♪
- OBTUSE, RUBBER GOOSE,
GREEN MOOSE, GUAVA JUICE,
GIANT SNAKE, BIRTHDAY CAKE,
LARGE FRIES, CHOCOLATE SHAKE!
- ♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ IT FLIPS YOUR LID
WHEN YOU ARE THE KID ♪
♪ WITH FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
- YEAH, RIGHT.
[exciting music]
♪ ♪
- DAD, YOU WON AN AWARD.
THAT'S AWESOME!
- NO, IT'S NOT.
IT THE "BIGGEST BORE
IN DIMMSDALE" AWARD.
APPARENTLY, IT WAS BETWEEN ME
AND A BAG OF POTTING SOIL,
BUT THE JUDGES FELT
THE POTTING SOIL LED
A MORE FULFILLING LIFE!
- [snores]
OH, HONEY,
I'D SAY SOMETHING
TO CHEER YOU UP,
BUT I NODDED OFF
WHILE YOU WERE TALKING,
AND I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THE PROBLEM IS.
- DAD, YOU'RE LIFE'S
NOT BORING.
- TIMMY'S RIGHT, DEAR.
AFTER ALL,
YOU DO HELP PLANTS GROW.
- THAT'S POTTING SOIL!
- WHY DON'T WE SIT DOWN
AND WATCH A MOVIE ON TV?
THAT ALWAYS MAKES YOU
FEEL BETTER.
- OOH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
SITTING DOWN
ON THE SAME OLD COUCH,
WATCHING THE SAME OLD TV
LIKE I DO EVERY NIGHT
WILL GET MY MIND OFF MY BORING,
REPETITIVE LIFE.
[both snoring]
[explosions on TV]
- WELCOME BACK
TO  THE BORED IDENTITY,
THE STORY OF JASON BORED,
WHO ON THE SURFACE SEEMS
MORE BORING THAN A BAG
OF POTTING SOIL,
BUT IN REALITY IS
AN INTERNATIONAL SUPER-SPY,
BRAIN SURGEON,
AND BULL FIGHTER.
[exciting music plays]
♪ ♪
[running footsteps]
[bull snarling]
- YOU DID IT AGAIN,
IRONICALLY NAMED JASON BORED.
- BOOYAH!
- WOW, JASON BORED
IS SO COOL!
I WISH I COULD OPERATE
ON SOMEONE'S BRAIN
WHILE FIGHTING A BULL,
BUT I'M MORE BOOHOO
THAN BOOYAH.
[brief sob]
- [snoring]
- OH, LOOK, I PUT YOUR MOM
TO SLEEP AGAIN.
EHH, I BETTER TAKE HER
TO BED.
YEESH!
- OW, OW, OW, OW.
- BOY, TIMMY, I FEEL BAD
FOR YOUR DAD.
HIS LIFE IS SO BORING.
- UNLIKE MY LIFE.
I SPENT THE DAY
SORTING LAUNDRY.
- THAT SOUNDS PRETTY DULL,
COSMO.
- IT WASN'T  MY LAUNDRY!
BOOYAH!
- GUYS, I WANNA HELP
MY DAD OUT.
I WISH HIS LIFE WAS JUST
AS EXCITING AS JASON BORED'S!
- HONEY, YOUR BORING BREAKFAST
IS READY.
- THAT'S WEIRD,
I DON'T REMEMBER BUYING
A PAIR OF TUXEDO JAMMIES
WITH FEETY BOTTOMS
THAT LOOK LIKE DRESS SHOES.
- GOOD MORNING,
TIMMY'S DAD.
I'M SPARKY.
I MEAN, CHIEF SPARKY,
HEAD OF A SUPER-SECRET
SPY AGENCY CALLED--
WHAT'S IT CALLED, TIMMY?
UH-HUH.
IT'S CALLED
"MAKE SOMETHING UP."
- OOH, IT MUST BE SECRET
FOR YOU TO HAVE TO
DISGUISE YOURSELF
IN A DOG SUIT.
- ANYWAY, YOU'RE A SPY,
AND I HAVE AN IMPORTANT
ASSIGNMENT FOR YOU.
YOUR ASSIGNMENT IS
TO TAKE TIMMY TO SCHOOL.
- BUT I DO THAT EVERY DAY.
- TODAY'S DIFFERENT
BECAUSE THE DIABOLICAL
CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION F.O.E.,
FORCES OF EVIL,
WILL BE AFTER YOU.
- WELL, I HAVE ONE THING
TO SAY TO THEM.
BOOYAH!
MY LIFE IS EXCITING NOW!
NOW PLEASE LEAVE.
I'VE GOTTA GO TO THE BATHROOM,
AND I CAN'T DO THAT
WITH YOU WATCHING.
[toilet flushes]
- GUYS, THIS IS AWESOME.
FROM NOW ON, MY DAD'S LIFE
IS GONNA BE A THRILL A MINUTE.
- YEAH, I KNOW
HOW THAT FEELS.
I DON'T WANNA BRAG, BUT I JUST
DID SOME LIGHT DUSTING.
IT WASN'T  MY DUST!
BOOYAH!
- HI, HONEY!
- WOW, YOU SAID SOMETHING,
AND I'M STILL AWAKE.
- THAT'S BECAUSE
I'M EXCITING NOW.
[intruders grunt]
OOH, OOH, IT'S THE BAD GUYS.
WATCH THIS.
[all cry out]
- WOW, HONEY.
WHEN DID YOU BECOME A SPY?
AND IN A POSSIBLY
UNRELATED QUESTION,
WHEN DID WE GET
AN EEL LEVER?
- APPARENTLY,
I'VE ALWAYS BEEN A SPY.
ANYWAY, THAT'S WHAT THE GUY
IN THE DOG SUIT
ON THE TOILET TV SAID.
- THAT'S NICE.
HOW DO YOU WANT YOUR EGGS?
- I'M TOO EXCITING
FOR EGGS!
BESIDES, F.O.E. IS AFTER ME,
AND I'VE GOTTA
TAKE TIMMY TO SCHOOL.
WELL, MAYBE I'LL TAKE
A CEREAL BAR.
[tires screech]
- DAD, WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST
OPEN THE GARAGE DOOR?
- TOO BORING.
[engine revs, tires screech]
NOTHING EXCITING HAS HAPPENED
IN THE LAST FIVE SECONDS.
MAYBE I SHOULD ACCELERATE
INTO THAT FUEL TRUCK.
- NO, DAD. I'M SURE
YOU'RE ABOUT TO GET AN UPDATE
ON YOUR MISSION FROM THE MAN
IN THE DOG SUIT
WHO'S LEARNED ALL HIS LINES.
- HOW IS HE GONNA
GIVE ME AN UPDATE?
I LEFT THE TOILET AT HOME.
- GOOD MORNING,
AGENT TIMMY'S DAD.
- YAY! SPIES HAVE TOILETS
IN THEIR CARS!
TAKE THE WHEEL.
IF YOU GET BORED,
JUST ACCELERATE
INTO THAT FUEL TRUCK.
[truck horn blaring]
- AAH!
[tires screech]
- F.O.E. HAS LEARNED
OF YOUR SECRET MISSION
TO TAKE YOUR SON
TO SCHOOL.
IN FACT, THEY'RE ON YOUR TAIL
RIGHT NOW.
- DAD,
LOOK IN YOUR REARVIEW MIRROR.
- BUT I DON'T WANT TO SEE
MY REAR.
- AAH! CLIFF!
- HI, CLIFF.
CLIFF SEEMED NICE.
ALSO, THE ROAD ENDED.
- AAH!
AAH! I WISH THERE WAS
A BUTTON IN THE CAR
THAT WOULD TURN IT
INTO A BOAT.
DAD, PUSH THE BUTTON!
THAT'S THE GLOVE COMPARTMENT!
- I KNOW.
I GOT A LITTLE LIGHTHEADED,
SO I WAS GONNA TAKE A BITE
OUT OF MY CEREAL BAR.
AH!
[button beeps]
[exciting music]
♪ ♪
TIMMY, TAKE THE WHEEL AGAIN.
[gun firing]
- AAH!
- OH!
- BOOYAH!
THIS IS THE MOST EXCITING DAY
OF MY LIFE!
- HELLO, AGENT TIMMY'S DAD.
WE NEED YOUR HELP.
SINCE YOU'RE THE GREATEST
BRAIN SURGEON IN THE WORLD,
WE NEED YOU TO PERFORM
A BRAIN OPERATION
ON A BRILLIANT SCIENTIST.
- DID YOU HEAR
WHAT THE TOILET DOG
IN THE DASHBOARD SAID,
TIMMY?
I'M A BRAIN SURGEON,
JUST LIKE JASON BORED!
- UH, DAD,
THERE'S THE HOSPITAL.
AREN'T YOU GONNA PARK?
- YOUR QUESTIONS BORE ME!
- THANK GOODNESS YOU'RE HERE,
AGENT TIMMY'S DAD.
THAT'S  DR. AGENT TIMMY'S DAD.
NOW, LET'S GET TO WORK,
NURSE BOOM BOOM.
SCALPEL.
- SCALPEL.
- CURLING IRON.
- NINE IRON.
- PULLED PORK SANDWICH.
- YEE, I THINK THAT CLOCK
IS BROKEN.
THERE!
I FIXED THE PATIENT'S BRAIN!
I ALSO GAVE HIM LASER VISION
AND A SCARY METAL
KARATE CHOP HAND!
- [laughs]
- YEAH!
- WHOO-HOO!
- OH, YOU THINK THAT'S GOOD,
I ALSO GAVE THE CLOCK
A SCARY METAL SECOND HAND.
BOOYAH!
[exciting music]
♪ ♪
THIS HAS BEEN
THE GREATEST DAY EVER, TIMMY.
NOW TO COMPLETE MY MISSION
AND DROP YOU OFF AT SCHOOL.
- UH, AREN'T YOU GONNA
STOP THE CAR?
- THAT'S A DUMB IDEA.
[tires screech]
- SCHOOL'S OVER, DAD!
[kids cheering]
- STILL COUNTS.
OOH, I THINK I RAN OVER
YOUR EVIL MATH TEACHER
MR. CRACKER.
- IT'S  CROCKER,
AND I'M STILL UNDER THE CAR!
both: BOOYAH!
- MY DAD HAD
THE MOST EXCITING DAY EVER.
- WELL, I DON'T WANT
TO BRAG, TIMMY,
BUT I THINK MY DAY WAS
A LITTLE MORE EXCITING THAN HIS.
I BALANCED MY CHECKBOOK
AND ALPHABETIZED
MY DVD COLLECTION.
NOW IT'S MY DDV COLLECTION.
BOOYAH!
- THIS IS CHET UBETCHA
WITH BREAKING NEWS.
THE CITY IS BEING ATTACKED
BY A MAD SCIENTIST
WITH LASER VISION AND A SCARY
METAL KARATE CHOP HAND.
UP NEXT, FIND OUT
WHICH HOUSEHOLD THROW PILLOWS
ARE SECRETLY KILLING YOU.
- OH, NO, THAT'S THE GUY
MY DAD OPERATED ON!
HE MUST HAVE SPILLED
PULLED PORK SANDWICH
ONTO HIS BRAIN AND TURNED HIM
INTO A SUPERVILLAIN.
- TIMMY, DID YOU HEAR THE NEWS?
[all scream]
THROW PILLOWS ARE
SECRETLY KILLING ME!
- AAH!
[both scream]
EEE--OOH!
[all grunt]
[electricity crackling]
- THE EELS ELECTRIFIED
THE F.O.E. AGENTS,
AND NOW THEY'RE SUPERPOWERED.
- [cries out]
- GUYS, THINGS ARE GETTING
A LITTLE TOO EXCITING
FOR MY DAD.
- OOH, I KNOW HOW HE FEELS.
I'M ON HOLD
WITH TECH SUPPORT,
AND I DON'T EVEN OWN
A COMPUTER.
BOOYAH!
- JUST POOF IT ALL AWAY!
both: AAH!
[both crying out]
[both scream]
- OH, NO, THE ELECTRICITY
SHORTED OUT THEIR WANDS.
WE DON'T HAVE ANY MAGIC.
- AAH!
I TURN YOU INTO A FREAK,
AND THIS IS THE THANKS I GET?
[whimpers]
WE'RE DOOMED, SON.
I'M TIRED OF THE EXCITEMENT.
I WANT TO GO BACK
TO MY OLD BORING LIFE,
WHERE I WAKE UP
IN MY BORING BED,
THEN HAVE BREAKFAST
WITH MY BORING FAMILY.
NO OFFENSE.
[all groan]
- NONE TAKEN, DAD.
KEEP TALKING.
YOU'RE PUTTING THEM TO SLEEP.
- THEN I GET
IN MY BORING CAR
AND GO TO MY BORING JOB,
WHERE I PUSH BORING PENCILS!
[villains snoring]
- I DID IT, TIMMY!
I DEFEATED THE BAD GUYS
WITH MY BORING POWERS!
YOU KNOW, MAYBE BEING BORING
ISN'T SO BAD AFTER ALL.
[snoring]
- OH, DEAR, I BETTER
TAKE YOUR FATHER TO BED.
- [snoring]
OW, OW, OW, OW, OW.
- OKAY, GUYS,
THIS WISH IS OFFICIALLY OVER.
POOF THE BAD GUYS AWAY.
- FACE IT, TIMMY,
SOME PEOPLE JUST AREN'T
CUT OUT TO LIVE
ON THE WILD SIDE.
NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I'VE GOTTA SEW
NEW NAME TAGS
IN MY UNDERWEAR.
IT'S MY NAME,
BUT IT'S NOT MY UNDERWEAR!
BOOYAH!
- THIS TOILET
WILL SELF-DESTRUCT
IN THREE, TWO--
UH, WHAT COMES NEXT,
TIMMY?
- ONE!
- COMING UP NEXT,
IS YOUR HOUSEHOLD TOILET
SECRETLY EXPLOSIVE?
- BOOYAH!
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- [eating noisily]
- HEY, EVERYBODY, I'M BACK
FROM THE FAIRY WORLD SWAP MEET.
- I HOPE YOU DIDN'T SPEND
TOO MUCH MONEY.
- OH, THEY DON'T TAKE MONEY.
IT'S A SWAP MEET.
YOU SWAP MEAT
FOR THINGS YOU WANT.
I SWAPPED A CHRISTMAS HAM FOR
THIS BRAIN-SWITCHING MACHINE.
AAH!
- WHOA!
- [grunts]
[eerie frequency sweep]
[ding]
- SQUIRREL!
- [gasps, chattering]
- BARK, BARK, BARK.
- OH, IT DOESN'T WORK.
AND NOW I'M OUT A PERFECTLY GOOD
CHRISTMAS HAM!
[groans]
- COSMO, IT DID WORK!
AND NOW I HAVE
THE SUDDEN URGE
TO SCOOT MY BUTT
ACROSS THE FLOOR.
- DON'T WORRY, WANDA,
I WISH YOU AND SPARKY
WERE BACK TO NORMAL.
- OH, NO, OUR WANDS
DON'T RECOGNIZE US
NOW THAT OUR BRAINS
ARE SWITCHED.
- OUR MARRIAGE JUST GOT
SUPER INTERESTING.
WAY TO SPICE THINGS UP,
WANDA.
- OH, TIMMY,
WE HAVE GREAT NEWS.
WE WERE HIT
MY A LIMOUSINE!
- HOW IS THAT GREAT NEWS?
- WELL, THE LIMO BELONGS
TO THE BUXAPLENTIES,
THE RICHEST FAMILY
IN TOWN!
- AND TO KEEP US
FROM SUING THEM,
THEY INVITED US TO JOIN THEIR
FANCY SHMANCY COUNTRY CLUB.
- WHAT'S IT CALLED?
- THE FANCY SHMANCY
COUNTRY CLUB.
I WAS DRAGGED
FOR 100 YARDS, TIMMY.
- WHOA! THE FANCY SHMANCY
COUNTRY CLUB IS
THE MOST AWESOME PLACE EVER.
WHEN YOU BELONG, YOU GET
A MILLION SPECIAL PRIVILEGES.
THEIR SON REMY GOT A BUTLER
TO GO TO SCHOOL FOR HIM.
- QUITE A GRIPPING ESSAY,
LITTLE REMY BUXAPLENTY.
IT'S LIKE YOU WERE
ACTUALLY ON THE  TITANIC
WHEN IT SANK
A HUNDRED YEARS AGO.
- THAT ICEBERG CAME
OUT OF NOWHERE.
I MEAN, I--
I WASN'T THERE.
I'M ONLY TEN.
- GUYS, THIS IS GONNA
BE GREAT!
ALL WE HAVE TO DO IS
ACT SUPER CLASSY,
HAVE GREAT MANNERS, AND--
WHOA, TAP THE BRAKES.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING THERE?
- THAT'S WHAT I SAID
TO THE LIMO DRIVER.
- WE'RE EATING MASHED POTATOES
WITH PLUNGERS,
LIKE WE ALWAYS DO.
- WELL, STOP IT!
IF WE'RE GONNA LAST
IN THAT COUNTRY CLUB,
YOU'LL HAVE TO BE
ON YOUR BEST BEHAVIOR.
- EXCUSE ME, MISS MANNERS.
NEXT YOU'LL BE TELLING US
WE SHOULDN'T COMB OUR HAIR
WITH THE TOILET BRUSH!
- OH, LOOK,
THE BUXAPLENTIES SENT
THEIR PRIVATE HELICOPTER
TO PICK US UP.
- I WAS BURNED
BY A MUFFLER, TIMMY!
ALLEY-OOP!
AAH!
OOH!
LOOKS LIKE I ATE
ONE POTATO PLUNGER TOO MANY.
- HELLO, TURNERS.
WELCOME TO THE FANCY SHMANCY
COUNTRY CLUB.
- HI, MR. BUXAPLENTY.
I HOPE IT'S OKAY
WE BROUGHT TIMMY.
I KNOW YOU DIDN'T HIT HIM
WITH YOUR LIMO...
- BUT YOU CAN IF YOU WANT.
- MAYBE LATER.
BUT LET ME GIVE YOU
THE GRAND TOUR.
OVER THERE WE HAVE
A GOLF COURSE,
TENNIS COURTS,
AND A LAW COURT,
FOR WHEN PEOPLE SUE YOU
FOR HITTING THEM WITH YOUR LIMO.
- WOW, THIS PLACE  IS
FANCY SHMANCY.
- I'M NEVER GOING HOME!
I WISH I'D BROUGHT
AN EXTRA PAIR OF UNDERPANTS,
BUT I GUESS I CAN ALWAYS
WASH THE ONES I'M WEARING
IN THE POOL.
- DAD!
- OH, YOU'RE RIGHT, TIMMY.
I'M NOT WEARING UNDERPANTS.
I'M WEARING THE SHOPPING BAG
MY PLUNGER CAME IN.
- AND THIS IS WHERE THE
WEALTHIEST FAMILIES IN DIMMSDALE
COME TO WINE AND DINE.
OVER THERE ARE
THE CASHALOTS,
THE CASHFORGOLDS,
AND THE CASHDEPOSITS.
AND, OF COURSE,
BARRY DEEPPOCKETS
AND HIS BUTLER
WILL WORKFORCASH.
- HONEY, FREE FOOD!
OH, HURRY!
I'M GONNA SHOVE
AS MANY LOBSTERS AS I CAN
IN MY PLUNGER SHOPPING BAG
UNDERPANTS.
- [munching]
- MOM, DAD, NO, STOP!
YOU'RE GONNA
GET US KICKED OUT!
- [laughs]
HOW CHARMING, TURNER!
DO YOU ALWAYS
EAT WITH PLUNGERS?
- WELL, WHEN WE'RE REALLY
HUNGRY, WE USE SNOW SHOVELS.
- WOW!
THERE'S A SODA FOUNTAIN!
[slurping]
A CHOCOLATE FOUNTAIN!
AND EVEN A HAMBURGER FOUNTAIN!
WOW!
[munching]
- GREAT NEWS, TIMMY!
- YOU WERE ABLE TO SWAP WANDA
AND SPARKY'S BRAINS BACK?
- I'M STARTING TO THINK
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT "GREAT NEWS" MEANS.
I GOT ANOTHER
CHRISTMAS HAM!
THERE'S A CHRISTMAS HAM FOUNTAIN
BEHIND THE HAMBURGER FOUNTAIN!
NOW NOTHING
CAN RUIN THIS DAY!
EXCEPT MAYBE A...
[gasps]
- [growling]
- GOPHER!
- WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL
ABOUT A GOPHER?
- ACCORDING TO
FAIRY WORLD PROPHECY,
GOPHERS ARE THE SWORN ENEMY
OF FAIRIES.
- THAT'S JUST TOILET PAPER.
- ANYWAY, IT SAYS RIGHT HERE
THAT THE WAR WILL BEGIN
WHEN NIGHT TURNS TO DAY,
WHEN WANDA TURNS INTO SPARKY,
WHEN TIMMY ROLLS HIS EYES
AND WALKS AWAY,
AND I GOTTA YELL REALLY LOUD
BECAUSE HE'S FAR AWAY!
THANKS FOR FULFILLING
THE PROPHECY, TIMMY!
[jazzy music]
- WOW!
THIS PLACE GETS MORE AWESOME
BY THE MINUTE!
THEY EVEN HAVE
A LAZY RIVER
WHERE A BUTLER DOES
THE SWIMMING FOR YOU.
THIS DAY CAN'T
GET ANY BETTER!
- IT'S ABOUT TO, TIMMY,
BECAUSE I'M ABOUT TO FULFILL
THE PROPHECY.
"THE GREEN-HAIRED FAIRY SHALL
DESTROYETH THE GOPHER."
THAT'S WHY I RIGGED
THE GOLF COURSE TO EXPLODE.
- DOI, DOI, DOI, DA!
YOU DID WHAT?
[screams]
[blowing]
[sighs]
- JUST LIKE
THE PROPHECY SAYS.
"AND THE BEAVER BOY
SHALL BLOWETH OUT
"A SINGLE STICK OF DYNAMITE,
YET FAILETH TO BLOW OUT
THE OTHER 117 STICKS."
- WHAT?
OH, LET'S HOPE
NOBODY NOTICED THAT.
[all growling]
- THEY NOTICED.
- [screams]
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THEY THREW ME OUT
OF THE COUNTRY CLUB!
- THEY ALSO THREW YOU OUT
OF THE HELICOPTER.
- I LOVE THAT CLUB!
THE HAMBURGER FOUNTAIN,
THE LAZY RIVER, AND MOST OF ALL,
THE FEELING THAT I WAS
BETTER THAN NORMAL PEOPLE.
- BARK, BARK, BARK!
SOMETIMES YOU
HAVE TO ACCEPT WHO YOU ARE.
OR IN OUR CASE,
WHOSE BODY YOU'RE IN.
I WILL DESTROY YOU,
SQUIRREL!
- I TAKE IT YOU COULDN'T FIX
THE BRAIN-SWITCHING MACHINE?
- NO, BUT IT'S
NOT THAT BAD.
NOW THAT I'M A DOG,
I NEVER HAVE TO SHAVE
MY LEGS AGAIN!
- AND NOW
THAT I'M A WOMAN,
I CAN DATE MAILMEN
INSTEAD OF CHASE THEM.
FINISH YOUR ROUNDS
AND CALL ME, PHIL!
- GUESS WHAT, TIMMY.
THE PROPHECY'S NOT OVER.
THERE'S A SECOND PLY!
IT FORETELLS
A DIFFERENT OUTCOME.
IT'S ALSO DOUBLE-QUILTED
AND MORE ABSORBENT
FOR YOUR COMFORT.
"THE BEAVER BOY
SHALT RETURNETH
TO THE PLACE
OF HIS UTTER HUMILIATION."
WELL, THAT COULD BE
ANYWHERE.
- IT'S THE COUNTRY CLUB,
COSMO!
I JUST NEED
TO GET BACK IN THERE,
AND THE ONLY WAY
TO DO THAT
IS BY LOOKING
LIKE ONE OF THE MEMBERS.
I WISH
I WAS A SOCIALITE
WHO'D BE ACCEPTED AT
THE FANCY SHMANCY COUNTRY CLUB!
[ding]
[jazzy music]
♪ ♪
[cash register dinging]
- YOU LOOK RICH.
I LIKE YOU.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
- THE NAME'S MONEYCLIP.
CHIP MONEYCLIP.
AND THIS IS MY BUTLER...
- STEEVES!
- THE WAY
YOU THROW MONEY AROUND,
YOU'LL FIT RIGHT IN.
COME WITH ME.
YOU'RE JUST IN TIME
FOR THE PRIVATE MOVIE SCREENING.
[jazzy music]
- ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE.
YOU'RE IN
FOR A SPECIAL TREAT.
IT'S A MOCKUMENTARY,
AND YOU WON'T BELIEVE
WHO WE'RE MOCKING THIS WEEK.
[both munching]
- [giggles]
- HEY,
THAT'S MY MOM AND DAD!
I MEAN, WHO ARE
THOSE TACKY PEOPLE?
- THOSE ARE THE TURNERS.
EVERY MONTH,
MY FATHER RUNS OVER
SOME CLASSLESS SAPS
WITH HIS LIMO
AND INVITES THEM
TO EMBARRASS THEMSELVES
AT THE CLUB
JUST FOR OUR AMUSEMENT.
[laughter]
- WHAT BUFFOONS!
- THESE ARE
THE BIGGEST LOSERS YET!
- HEY, EVERYONE!
COME SEE WHAT THE TURNERS
ARE UP TO NOW.
[laughter]
- COSMO,
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
THEY INVITED MY PARENTS
TO THE CLUB
JUST TO MAKE FUN
OF THEM?
- IT'S ALL PART
OF THE PROPHECY.
AT LEAST,
ACCORDING TO THE PIECE
I JUST DISCOVERED
STUCK TO MY SHOE.
OOPS! THAT'S A RECEIPT
FOR THE DYNAMITE.
- DON'T FORGET
TO TIP THE WAITER.
- OH, RIGHT!
WHERE ARE MY MANNERS?
- [yelps]
[laughter]
- THE BUXAPLENTIES
HAVE GONE TOO FAR.
COSMO, IT'S TIME TO TEACH
THESE SNOBS A LESSON.
COSMO?
[screams]
- YOU'RE MINE, GOPHER!
- [screams]
- I'M FULFILLING
THE PROPHECY, TIMMY!
- THE PROPHECY.
THAT'S IT!
- HUH?
- COSMO, WAIT!
THERE'S A THIRD PLY!
AND IT SAYS
THAT YOU AND THE GOPHER
WERE BROUGHT TOGETHER
TO DESTROY THE CLUB.
- THAT DOESN'T SOUND
LIKE THE PROPHECY.
BUT IF IT'S WRITTEN
ON TOILET PAPER,
IT'S GOTTA BE TRUE.
- [screams]
[sighs]
- OH, NO!
WITHOUT THE COUNTRY CLUB,
ALL I HAVE
IS MY 200-ROOM MANSION!
[weeping]
- I DID IT, TIMMY!
I FULFILLED THE PROPHECY.
I ALSO ACCIDENTALLY
LAUNCHED A MISSILE
AT MR. BUXAPLENTY'S MANSION.
- AT LEAST
I STILL HAVE MY YACHT.
[weeping]
- NO, HE DOESN'T.
[explosion]
- THE BEST PART IS,
I PROTECTED MY MOM AND DAD,
AND THEY'LL NEVER KNOW
THEY WERE THE BUTT OF THE JOKE.
- HEY, TIMMY.
I JUST HEARD BUXAPLENTY
LOST HIS MANSION AND HIS YACHT.
WE'RE TOO GOOD
TO HANG AROUND WITH HIM NOW.
- WHAT A LOSER.
- LET'S GO HOME.
WE'LL HITCH A RIDE
WITH CHIP MONEYCLIP'S BUTLER.
[screeches to a halt]
HOME, STEEVES!
- MY LIMO!
[weeping]
- IT'S GOOD
TO BE HOME, GUYS.
I'M GLAD WE'RE NOT
LIKE THOSE RICH SNOBS
WHO THINK
THEY HAVE EVERYTHING.
- WELL, THEY DON'T
HAVE EVERYTHING, TIMMY.
BEFORE WE LEFT,
I STUFFED MY SHOPPING BAG
UNDERPANTS WITH STEAKS.
- I'LL GET THE PLUNGERS!
BON APPETIT!
[both munching]
- I FEEL LIKE
I'M FORGETTING SOMETHING.
- BARK! BARK!
I CAN GET USED TO THIS!
[munching]
[jazzy music]
♪ ♪